README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="logo.png" alt="Pure Twitch Logo" width="300"/>
</p>

# Pure Twitch

Remove all the sexual content from Twitch.tv, such as bikini streams, twerking streams, and streamers that show too much cleavage.

## How it works

Pure Twitch is a browser extension that checks each stream on Twitch.tv against a blocklist of streamers that are known to show sexual content. If a streamer is on the blocklist, the stream will be hidden from the user.

## Installation

1. Download the latest version of the extension from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ejihgokacjmjhihjppdomnagfilijfke/), [Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/pure-twitch/), or [manually](#manual-installation).
2. Install the extension in your browser.
3. Visit [Twitch.tv](https://www.twitch.tv/) and enjoy a cleaner Twitch experience.

## Manual Installation

### Chrome

1. Clone this repository.
2. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`.
3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right corner.
4. Click "Load unpacked" and select repo folder.
5. The extension should now be installed and active.

## Missed a stream or accidentally blocked a safe streamer?

If I missed a stream or accidentally blocked a safe streamer, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Atlas7005/puretwitch/issues/new) and I will investigate.

## License

[GNU AGPLv3](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/)

Commit message:

Update README.md to clarify extension functionality and improve installation instructions

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="logo.png" alt="Pure Twitch Logo" width="300"/>
</p>

# Pure Twitch

Protect your Twitch browsing experience by automatically hiding sexually explicit streamers from your feed.

## How it works

Pure Twitch is a browser extension that automatically filters out sexually explicit streamers from your Twitch feed. It's powered by a community-driven blocklist, helping create a cleaner and more focused viewing experience for everyone.

## Installation

1. Download the latest version of the extension from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/bchkamfikpklohgbpbifiahncdcnadne/), [Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/pure-twitch/), or [manually](#manual-installation).
2. Install the extension in your browser.
3. Visit [Twitch.tv](https://www.twitch.tv/) and enjoy a cleaner Twitch experience.

## Manual Installation

Beware that manual installation is not recommended for most users. It is only provided for advanced users who want to test the extension without going through the official stores.
You will not receive automatic updates, and you will need to manually update the extension when a new version is released.

### Chrome

1. Clone this repository.
2. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`.
3. Enable "Developer mode" in the top right corner.
4. Click "Load unpacked" and select repo folder.
5. The extension should now be installed and active.

## Missed a stream or accidentally blocked a safe streamer?

If I missed a stream or accidentally blocked a safe streamer, please [open an issue](https://github.com/Atlas7005/puretwitch/issues/new) or [report them on the site](https://puretwitch.tv/#report) and I will investigate.

## License

[GNU AGPLv3](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/)
